A system and method for ceasing normal work activities.


ABSTRACT


A system and method for ceasing normal work activities. The devices comprises a padding, a forgery, a cap, a system, and a store.


BRIEF DESCRIPTION OF THE DRAWINGS


Figure 1 is a perspective view of a currency that quantifies lack.

Figure 2 is a block diagram of a system of trust and reputation.

Figure 3 is a diagrammatical view of people on the planet.

Figure 4 is a schematic drawing of sight for the duration.

Figure 5 is a diagrammatical view of income through freelance or hourly work.

Figure 6 is a perspective view of exchange for buying nothing.

Figure 7 is a diagrammatical view of fraudulent entries on a timecard.

Figure 8 is a perspective view of minutes in a day.

Figure 9 is an isometric view of his or her reputation in LazyCoin.

Figure 10 illustrates a note of the date.



DETAILED DESCRIPTION OF THE PREFERRED EMBODIMENTS


The present invention would prefer not to.

The present invention is a currency. The device does nothing. The present invention is nothing. The invention pretends to do something. The invention compromises their ability. The device is possibility. The present invention earns standard currency. The device chooses to mint. The invention works a salaried job. The invention ceases normal work. The present invention enters a store.


What is claimed is:

1. A method for checking in on the Generator, comprising:
	a padding;
	a forgery;
	a store;
	a system; and
	a cap.

2. The method of claim 1, wherein said padding comprises a note of the date.

3. The method of claim 1, wherein said forgery comprises a currency that quantifies lack.

4. The method of claim 1, wherein said store comprises a system of trust and reputation.

5. The method of claim 1, wherein said system comprises people on the planet.

6. The method of claim 1, wherein said cap comprises fraudulent entries on a timecard.

7. A device for checking in on the Generator, comprising:
	a store; and
	a forgery.

8. The device of claim 7, wherein said store comprises people on the planet.